Updating 'Rancher on ARM64' How To Doc (#2135)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.13/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/rancher-on-arm64.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/rancher-on-arm64"/>
</head>

:::note

ARM64 only is supported

> see [Rancher Support Matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-13-1/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the ARM64 architecture is supported. For more details, refer to the [Rancher Support Matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-13-1/).
```

Author: Your suggestion does read better, but it needs to say that Ranchers supports ARM64 when it is not a mixed architecture (x86 and ARM64 together)

Author: yes. thanks.

Reviewer: @daviswill2 Per https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-12-5/, may you add this change to `versioned_docs/version-2.12/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/rancher-on-arm64.md`?
